Restructure explainers (#302)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: proposals/exception-handling/legacy/Exceptions.md

# Exception handling

> This explainer reflects the up-to-date version of the exception handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This explainer reflects the earlier version of the exception handling
```
